Clarify the requirement about newly created Span (#1539)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/api.md

There MUST NOT be any API for creating a `Span` other than with a [`Tracer`](#tracer).

`Span` creation MUST NOT set the newly created `Span` as the

> active `Span` in the implicit `Context` by default, but this functionality MAY be offered additionally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
active `Span` in the [implicit `Context`](#context-interaction) by default, but this functionality MAY be offered additionally
```

> `Span` creation MUST NOT set the newly created `Span` as the
> active `Span` in the [implicit `Context`](#context-interaction) by default, but this functionality MAY be offered additionally
> as a separate operation in languages with implicit context propagation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In languages with implicit `Context` propagation, `Span` creation MUST NOT
set the newly created `Span` as the active `Span` in the
[current `Context`](#context-interaction) by default, but this functionality
MAY be offered additionally as a separate operation.
```

Reviewer 2: I think that this reads better, by **starting** the paragraph mentioning this case applies only for languages with implicit context handling.

> as a separate operation. Languages that use explicit `Context` are not suitable for this requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as a separate operation in languages with implicit context propagation.
```
